README.md, before:

# WARNING: This project has not yet successfully run on actual hardware!

# is31io7326_clone
Functional clone of the IS31IO7326 using an ATtiny48

## Getting started:

1. Install an avr toolchain (if you're on OS X, try [CrossPack for AVR®](https://www.obdev.at/products/crosspack/))
2. `cd firmware`
3. `make`
4. `make flash` and `make fuse` as necessary to program your MCU

### Common issues:

---

`avrdude: no programmer has been specified on the command line or the config file`

`avrdude` needs to know what kind of programmer you're using. You can uncomment/edit one of the `PROGRAMMER` lines in `firmware/Makefile`, or add a `default_programmer` directive to your `~/.avrduderc`.

For more information, check out [`firmware/Makefile`](firmware/Makefile).

---

`avrdude: AVR Part "attiny48" not found.`

`avrdude` can't find a part config for the attiny48. You can resolve this by appending [`doc/attiny48.avrduderc`](doc/attiny48.avrduderc) to `~/.avrduderc`:

```
cat doc/attiny48.avrduderc >> ~/.avrduderc
```

---

## Porting to different hardware

It's possible to configure this project for different AVRs. Check out [`config/attiny48.h`](firmware/config/attiny48.h) to get familiar with the required definitions and application considerations.

Commit message:

WARNING: This project totally works.

README.md, after:

# is31io7326_clone
Functional clone of the IS31IO7326 using an ATtiny48.

Key reporting and rollover detection are tested and working, all options in the configuration register are saved but do not yet influence behaviour.

## Getting started:

1. Install an avr toolchain (if you're on OS X, try [CrossPack for AVR®](https://www.obdev.at/products/crosspack/))
2. `cd firmware`
3. `make`
4. `make flash` and `make fuse` as necessary to program your MCU

### Common issues:

---

`avrdude: no programmer has been specified on the command line or the config file`

`avrdude` needs to know what kind of programmer you're using. You can uncomment/edit one of the `PROGRAMMER` lines in `firmware/Makefile`, or add a `default_programmer` directive to your `~/.avrduderc`.

For more information, check out [`firmware/Makefile`](firmware/Makefile).

---

`avrdude: AVR Part "attiny48" not found.`

`avrdude` can't find a part config for the attiny48. You can resolve this by appending [`doc/attiny48.avrduderc`](doc/attiny48.avrduderc) to `~/.avrduderc`:

```
cat doc/attiny48.avrduderc >> ~/.avrduderc
```

---

## Porting to different hardware

It's possible to configure this project for different AVRs. Check out [`config/attiny48.h`](firmware/config/attiny48.h) to get familiar with the required definitions and application considerations.
